In this video I’m going to explain our app
structure and how these files work.
So lets start with our index.html file.
Angular applications are single page apps
also known as SPA’s with our index file
being the only true page.
At the top here we define our site-wide css
files.
And then down below link to our javascript
These 4 script files right here are polyfills
needed for older browsers and the zone.js
file is used within angular for change detection.
Below that we have a reference for our systemjs.config
file.
This is a file that we use to load up all
of our angular modules.
We use the System.import method and pass in
a parameter that does the work of loading
all the defined modules before our app is
started.
To better understand what’s happening, lets
open up our system config file now.
First, our map object defines where to look
for important folders.
Such as the app folder which defines all of
our frontend files.
Then our packages object defines which file
is going to be used to Bootstrap our application
along with a default extension.
Below that we define the angular packages
we want to use in our application.
All of these packages can be found inside
of our angular folder within our node_modules.
Our main entry point for our app is a main.ts
file.
So lets open up that file which is located
in our app folder.
In our main.ts file we’re initilizing angular
using the Class called bootstrap, which is
imported from the platform-browser-dynamic
angular package.
We’ll cover this in depth in our Bootstraping
angular video.
This main.ts file is located in our app folder.
And again the app folder contains all of our
frontend code.
Including an assets folder which holds our
images.
Along with a home folder and a shared folder.
And these folders will contain feature-related
angular components that we’ll be building
as we progress in the course.
Lets now open up our package.json file.
We use our package.json file to define which
packages we want to download from npm and
also to start our server.
Under dependencies you can see a list of angular
dependencies along with our es6 polyfills
and bootstrap used for styling our app.
Below that we’re declaring some dev dependencies.
Here we have our typescript package along
with typings which is needed for typescript
compilation.
Along with a lite-server that creates server
so we can easily run our code inside of our
browser.
Back at the top we have a scripts area that
we use to compile our typescript code into
javascript, start our server, and watch for
changes made to any of our files.
Next, lets open up this tsconfig.json file.
This file provides the settings for our typescript
compiler.
All the code we write in our tyepscript files
gets turned into browser readable ES5 code.
So this file defines how our javascript files
should be created.
And finally, we have a typings.json file.
This file imports a typings folder which holds
ambient type definition files used by Typescript
in order to understand libraries we’re using.
In this case, we’re only using one extra
library called es6-shim.